# Covenants: Legal Disclaimers

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).&#x20;

The information in this document may not cover all grounds and is subject to change. It is a non-binding document that does not imply any contractual relationship and should be used for reference only. While Apeiron makes every effort to update this White Paper, it does not constitute professional legal advice. Apeiron does not guarantee, nor accept any legal liability arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any content expressed or implied in this White Paper. Participants and potential token holders must seek independent professional advice before making any commitment or transaction based on this White Paper, which is purely published for reference alone.&#x20;

This White Paper is not a prospectus, offer document, offer of securities or investment solicitation of any sort in any jurisdiction, nor does Apeiron constitute securities in any jurisdiction. Apeiron does not provide any opinion or advice to transact with Apeiron Tokens and this White Paper shall not form the basis of or be relied upon in any contract or investment decision. No individual or organization is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to Apeiron Token transactions, and no cryptocurrency or other payment forms shall be made on the basis of this White Paper.&#x20;

This White Paper is for reference only. Apeiron does not guarantee the accuracy of any content, expressed or implied, in this White Paper.&#x20;

This White Paper explicitly disclaims all representations and warranties, expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a certain purpose, usage, suitability, title or non-infringement; (ii) that any content expressed or implied in this White Paper is accurate, up-to-date and free from error; and (iii) that any content expressed or implied in this White Paper will not infringe upon third-parties. Apeiron shall bear no liability for any damages arising from the use or reference of content expressed or implied in this White Paper. In particular, the Road Map set out in the White Paper is subject to change without notice, and Apeiron is not bound by any representations to future performance and returns, which may differ from those set out in this White Paper. Under no circumstances shall Apeiron or its affiliates be responsible for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of or reference to this White Paper or any content expressed or implied herein, including but limited to loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses.

The content of this White Paper may be altered or updated at any time by the project’s development team. No company shares or other securities are being offered for purchase or registration in any jurisdiction pursuant to the White Paper. The White Paper does not offer or invite any individual or entity to transact shares, rights or any other securities in the company. The tokens mentioned in this White Paper have not been registered, approved, or disapproved by any regulatory body in any jurisdiction. Purchasers of Apeiron tokens mentioned in the White Paper must acknowledge that they bear sole responsibility for whatever risks that come from Apeiron token transactions.&#x20;

This White Paper includes forward-looking statements (using vocabulary including but not limited to ''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'',''projects'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', etc) that reflect Apeiron’s current views and aspirations on product development, roadmap execution, fiscal performance and marketing strategy, both with respect to the company and the industry in which the company operates. All forward-looking statements address issues involving risks and uncertainties and are subject to change. There may be outcomes that differ from those anticipated by these statements. Apeiron does not bear obligation to update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new circumstances, future developments or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements in relation to Apeiron or individuals and entities acting on behalf of Apeiron are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. No content in the White Paper is intended as a profit forecast, and should not be interpreted as future earnings.&#x20;

This White Paper has not been examined, approved or disapproved by regulatory authorities of any jurisdiction. Thus, no actions have been or will be taken under the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction. The publication and distribution of this White Paper does not indicate that relevant laws and regulations have been adhered to.

## **Clarification**

Gaming software is subjective to the local regulatory systems of each country/region. Apeiron respects and will lawfully comply with all local requirements and regulations when providing services in each country/region.

Please visit our website for terms & conditions.

By agreeing to acquire Apeiros Tokens, I hereby acknowledge that I have read, understand and agree to the notices and disclaimers set out above.
